# Flask Auto Table Selection
Getting data with jQuery from a table made by Jinja and served by Flask.

## Synopsis
There was a very specific use-case in mind when I originally started this, however, I've (somewhat) simplified the scope at this point.  The application makes a query to a data source (in this case - json placeholder), displays information in a table generated by Jinja, and stores some additional info in the HTML.  We then, upon user selection, want to interact with that information in some way.

## Getting started
Clone the repo, install requirements, create ".flaskenv" file, and use "flask run" to get the application going.

I like to use virtual environments so the below command sequence is predicated on that.

Create virtual environment with virtualenv - can be installed with `pip install virtualenv`

`C:\Users\<username>\devrepos\flask_test_app> python -m virtualenv .env`

Start the virtual environment with `.env\Scripts\activate`.  Install the requirements.  Linux(/Mac?) users can start the virtual environment with `source .env/bin/activate`.

Install the required Python modules.

`(.env) C:\Users\<username>\devrepos\flask_test_app> python -m pip install -r requirements.txt`

Create the environment file within the root of the directory (see below) and run the application.

`(.env) C:\Users\<username>\devrepos\flask_test_app> flask run`

## .flaskenv File
This repository uses python's python-dotenv to read configurations for an environment file.  You may simply copy the example below or construct your own as you see fit.  Either way it needs to be in the root of the directory (..\\flask_test_app\\.flaskenv).

```
# Flask Test App Environment File
# These comments are ignored
FLASK_APP=flask_test_app.py
# Secrets can be kept here
SECRET_KEY=b'8675309'
FLASK_ENV=development
FLASK_RUN_PORT=8888
```

## Credits
Should you enjoy any of what's in here, please visit the below resources.  Everything listed below has influenced this repository in some way.

* [JSONPlaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/)
    * Calling this to provide data for the app
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    * Minified bootstrap included in this repo (not calling from CDN)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    * Used within Bootstrap as well as doing the "heavy lifting" for this app
* [Popper.js](https://popper.js.org/)
    * Used with Bootstrap
